PaloAltoNetworks Device Security (SCM) Content Pack (#44866)
demisto/content: Packs/PaloAltoNetworks_DeviceSecurity/Scripts/device_security_get_raci/device_security_get_raci_description.md

## device-security-get-raci Script

This script uses the device and incident attributes to evaluate the Responsible (R) and Informed (I) parties in the RACI model.

> A list variable needs to be created with a fixed format JSON. You can create a new XSOAR list variable under Settings > Advanced > Lists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A list variable needs to be created with a fixed format JSON. You can create a new Cortex XSOAR list variable under Settings > Advanced > Lists.
```

Author: yes, updated it

By default, the name of the list variable is DEVICE_SECURITY_CONFIG.

There are three main sections in the JSON: devices, alerts, and groups.

> "devices" is a list of devices mapping to the owners based on the device_id, which is a concatenation of the device's category, profile, vendor and model delimited by "|".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**devices** is a list of devices mapped to the owners and delimited by "|". It is based on the device_id, which is a concatenation of the device's category, profile, vendor, and model.
```

Author: yes, updated it

>  - device_id: a regular expression to match

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - device_id: A regular expression to match.
```

Author: yes, updated it

>  - owner: a group name, which is also defined in the "groups" section

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - owner: A group name, which is also defined in the "groups" section.
```

Author: yes, updated it

> "alerts" is a list of conditions to map a combination of an Device Security incident type and incident names to the RACI model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**alerts** is a list of conditions to map a combination of a Device Security incident type and incident name to the RACI model.
```

Author: yes, updated it

>  - device_security_raw_type: either "Device Security Alert" or "Device Security Vulnerability".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - device_security_raw_type: Either "Device Security Alert" or "Device Security Vulnerability".
```

Author: yes, updated it

>  - name_regex: a list of regular expressions trying to match with the alert/vulnerability names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - name_regex: A list of regular expressions to match with the alert/vulnerability names.
```

Author: yes, updated it.

>  - raci: a section to define the RACI model for the match. If the value is "DEVICE_SECURITY_OWNER", we look up the underlying group using the mapping in "devices" section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - raci: A section to define the RACI model for the match. If the value is "DEVICE_SECURITY_OWNER", the system looks up the underlying group using the mapping in the **devices** section.
```

Author: yes, updated it

> "groups" is all the groups found in the "devices" and "alerts" section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**groups** is all the groups found in the **devices** and **alerts** sections.
```

Author: yes, updated it

>  - email: the email of the group. This is used when setting the incident owner in XSOAR or sending an email through the email integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - email: The email of the group. This is used when setting the incident owner in Cortex XSOAR or sending an email through the email integration.
```

Author: yes, updated it

>  - snow: it has three fields: table, fields, and custom_fields. These are the fields when you use the official ServiceNow integration when you create a ServiceNow ticket.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - snow: Contains three fields: table, fields, and custom_fields. These fields are used when creating a ticket using the ServiceNow integration.
```

Author: yes, updated it

> Here is the template of the JSON:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following is the JSON template:
```

Author: yes, updated it
